---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ansible_playbook Resource - terraform-provider-ansible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# ansible_playbook (Resource)

Provides an Ansible playbook resource.

## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "ansible_playbook" "playbook" {
  playbook   = "playbook.yml"
  name       = ansible_host.host.name
  replayable = true
  groups     = ansible_host.host.groups

  extra_vars = {
    var_a = "Some variable"
    var_b = "Another variable"
  }

  inventory_hosts {
    name      = ansible_host.host.name
    groups    = ansible_host.host.groups
    variables = ansible_host.host.variables
  }

  inventory_groups {
    name      = ansible_group.group.name
    children  = ansible_group.group.children
    variables = ansible_group.group.variables
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the desired host on which the playbook will be executed.
- `playbook` (String) Path to ansible playbook.

### Optional

- `ansible_playbook_binary` (String) Path to ansible-playbook executable (binary).
- `check_mode` (Boolean) If 'true', playbook execution won't make any changes but only change predictions will be made.
- `diff_mode` (Boolean) If 'true', when changing (small) files and templates, differences in those files will be shown. Recommended usage with 'check_mode'.
- `extra_vars` (Map of String) A map of additional variables as: { key-1 = value-1, key-2 = value-2, ... }.
- `force_handlers` (Boolean) If 'true', run handlers even if a task fails.
- `groups` (List of String) List of desired groups of hosts on which the playbook will be executed.
- `ignore_playbook_failure` (Boolean) This parameter is good for testing. Set to 'true' if the desired playbook is meant to fail, but still want the resource to run successfully.
- `inventory_groups` (Block List, Optional) Inline inventory group definitions that will be written to the temporary inventory file. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--inventory_groups))
- `inventory_hosts` (Block List, Optional) Inline inventory host definitions that will be written to the temporary inventory file. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--inventory_hosts))
- `limit` (List of String) List of hosts to include in playbook execution.
- `replayable` (Boolean) If 'true', the playbook will be executed on every 'terraform apply' and with that, the resource will be recreated. If 'false', the playbook will be executed only on the first 'terraform apply'. Note, that if set to 'true', when doing 'terraform destroy', it might not show in the destroy output, even though the resource still gets destroyed.
- `tags` (List of String) List of tags of plays and tasks to run.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `var_files` (List of String) List of variable files.
- `vault_files` (List of String) List of vault files.
- `vault_id` (String) ID of the desired vault(s).
- `vault_password_file` (String) Path to a vault password file.
- `verbosity` (Number) A verbosity level between 0 and 6. Set ansible 'verbose' parameter, which causes Ansible to print more debug messages. The higher the 'verbosity', the more debug details will be printed.

### Read-Only

- `ansible_playbook_stderr` (String) An ansible-playbook CLI stderr output.
- `ansible_playbook_stdout` (String) An ansible-playbook CLI stdout output.
- `args` (List of String) Used to build arguments to run Ansible playbook with.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `temp_inventory_file` (String) Path to created temporary inventory file.

<a id="nestedblock--inventory_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `inventory_groups`

Optional:

- `children` (List of String) Child groups.
- `name` (String) Inventory group name.
- `variables` (Map of String) Group variables.

<a id="nestedblock--inventory_hosts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `inventory_hosts`

Optional:

- `groups` (List of String) Groups the host belongs to.
- `name` (String) Inventory hostname.
- `variables` (Map of String) Inventory variables for the host.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)


